Update plan-defender-for-servers-select-plan.md (#111216)
Azure/azure-content: articles/defender-for-cloud/plan-defender-for-servers-select-plan.md

|[Network map](protect-network-resources.md) | Provides a geographical view of recommendations for hardening your network resources. | Not supported in Plan 1| :::image type="icon" source="./media/icons/yes-icon.png"::: |
|[Agentless scanning](concept-agentless-data-collection.md) | Scans Azure virtual machines by using cloud APIs to collect data. | Not supported in Plan 1 | :::image type="icon" source="./media/icons/yes-icon.png":::|

>[!Note]

> >Once a plan is enables, a 30 days trial period starts counting. There is no way to stop, pause or extend this trial period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>Once a plan is enabled, a 30 day trial period begins. There is no way to stop, pause, or extend this trial period.
```

> >To enjoy the full 30-days trial, make sure to plan ahead to meet your evaluation purposes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>[!Note]
>Once a plan is enabled, a 30-day trial period begins. There is no way to stop, pause, or extend this trial period.
>To enjoy the full 30-day trial, make sure to plan ahead to meet your evaluation purposes.
```
